[Outlook] Add known issue: unable to access my templates outlook (#5646)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/resources/resources-office-add-in-known-issues.md

<!-- ----------------------------------------For readability, copy and paste this line between each issue. -------------------------------------------------------- -->

### OUTLOOK ISSUE: Users unable to access the My Templates add-in in Exchange Online across all Outlook clients

> Users report that **My Templates** add-in is missing and undiscoverable across all Outlook surfaces. The add-in subscription exists on affected mailboxes and Centralized Deployment returns it correctly, but MetaOS/Exchange client discovery fails to surface it to end users. Users cannot find it in the toolbar, ribbon, **Add Apps** search, All Apps, Integrated Apps in Admin Center, or via PowerShell Get-App in some cases. The issue manifests as a service-side discovery/authentication regression — not an admin misconfiguration or CD failure.

Reviewer: "MetaOS" is not a public facing term, but I'm not sure what the right replacement is here in this context.

Author: ```suggestion
Users report that **My Templates** add-in is missing and undiscoverable across all Outlook surfaces. The add-in subscription exists on affected mailboxes and Centralized Deployment returns it correctly, but client-side discovery within Outlook and Exchange services fails to surface the add-in to end users. Users cannot find it in the toolbar, ribbon, **Add Apps** search, All Apps, Integrated Apps in Admin Center, or via PowerShell Get-App in some cases. The issue presents as a service-side discovery or authentication regression, rather than an admin configuration or Centralized Deployment failure.
```

Author: @AlexJerabek How's this?
